alright well welcome everybody you the
ume weekly inspiration or
and the Black Friday celebrations are
you to me so we'll talk about that a
little bit more in a bit here while
Scott is getting himself together I'll
just go ahead and do a quick injured
myself remark i said im instructor on
you to me I've got five course published
now and you want to check out my courses
I got some deals on my website right now
you can check out there and I even put
together a special promotion for Black
Friday so if you go to my website which
we link up there there is you'll see
there's a promotions late so I'm not
quite one year now and I'm still
learning lots of things and I'm really
looking forward to get a chance to talk
to
got here because he's got some great
information and he's got some great
deals for us is well so speaking of that
the replay this session will be there
able to come back later on you'll see
the lake over here just a bit but it
will be available to link that you'll
see below there and we'll have all the
links that Scott mentions here along
with it some point out have a transcript
in the session notes in there so you'll
be able to get all this stuff later on
after the show though without her there
I'd like to introduce to you got his 12
courses on you to me in over one year of
experience on the platform his
best-selling courses are on software
architecture but he has a number of
courses aimed to help instructors as
well
his Google Analytics and you to me as yo
versus both have over 50 reviews and he
just launched a new cars on selecting
the right topping he always speaks his
mind so there will be no holding back
today and his various courses given you
a coupon for a free admissions one of
his courses of Scots really hook and you
guys today and gets cut away this guy is
he's always been a big help in the you
to meet studio and time that I thanks
much so that myself I live in Toronto
Canada so I'm a Canadian eh I'm got more
than 20 years experience in software
development web development some people
think that the techies have an advantage
and there may be some truth to that but
I've got that's where I came from and
can't can't change the past and Yahoo I
discovered you mean probably just came
to my attention
year and a half ago I have a site called
course mania where I embarked upon a
journey of taking as many courses as I
could and I discovered
Coursera Udacity in some of these nuke
sites where they've got these college
and university level classes and I just
started taking them anything that
interested me there was no particular
rhyme or reason and I will blog about it
so I started a blog around that and
that's that's what led me to you know me
as soon as some unique courses came on
my radar I was like what's this thing
that I can create a course so yeah
that's i mean I'm Union me my first
course went live here just over a year
ago here in a couple weeks my I just got
the last year's Black Friday
good timing for you will have to ask you
more about that this figure out topic
selection at that point actually be able
to but we get into topics election I do
always get background on our guests a
bit of the backstory talk about someone
came to you and you've already hinted at
some of that stuff so we'll just dig in
a little bit more so you did say you you
come from a tech background in that
gives you a bit of edge me which will
discuss their but I know that you got
these toll here
courses so tell us a little bit about
what you what you were doing in tech
like before you ever started doing any
type training so in Canada worked for a
number of really big companies are
really here's my first job was with
petro-canada which has an oil company
used to be government-run and became
prime it so I was working with mainframe
systems and you know I can tell you a
funny story my first two weeks three
weeks on the job I just graduated school
at my first job they said ok we've got
this change we want to make to this
calculation it's a mathematical formula
embedded in some program in a mean frame
that's your first assignment so I dug in
there and I tried to figure it out it
was a very complicated program and i was
just you know as green as as they could
and so I went in and I made the change
but then I couldn't figure out how to
test it I don't know you know the text
of remarks to but whenever you do
something you have to test you may not
know this sometimes but but
in reality so i cant figure it out dole
is so complicated I was like how I can
attest but I'm only changing when number
from one thing to another so like what's
the worst that can happen so I pushed it
into production I just click the button
and its live and the following weekend
was a long weekend or holiday weekend
and the vice president of Canada for
Ontario's driving to his cottage up
north of the station and they were out
of gas and he was pissed off cuz you
know there is no gas to get a competitor
and so when it came back to work on
Monday like a
what happened luckily my boss was really
good he's ok well what kind of gas
station allows itself around a gas but
the blame on them but you know big screw
up the first my first real programming
assignment in my life so yeah story
there probably be pretty pretty scary I
I had a reasonably large mistaken which
I took donna production website myself
early on in my career they change that
they really quickly and again that you
as I call this is a tiny changes just
getting pushed up in a day productions
whoever this video that site is the
project manager meanwhile there is
anything but the way that they can cause
the gas deliveries automated computer
just decide when to deliver gas to the
stations and I would you give that to
the first student joins anyways that's
already started it started in there you
know i i join the web early days so I
got
Bell Canada which is a
national phone company here in Canada
and I created one of the first web sites
web applications in Canada and the
biggest one that you know at the time
get this they used to charge for
browsers eg Netscape 0.9% $99 companies
and so people used to pay money to get a
browser software like nowadays you can
just Firefox IE Chrome I got my choice
of million but the Bulls were the days
were so I started on the web really
early so I trained really really yeah
maybe to tie into our discussion here
because I actually remember when they
charged for browsers although I wasn't
the programming I was doing I wasn't
even really internet at the IDM 403
computers but it's like yeah you know
they charge for browsers and now look
browsers are free market mentioned the
digital products have gone like how you
used to be able to see the whole market
is changing its coming down to use doing
right now and in Delhi in this whole
idea that the importance now of your
topic selection because you don't
necessarily have this ability the way
that you used to produce this premium
praised course in maybe you just make a
few sales of it by getting these people
here there that disrupted by like if
you've I used this example of katana
sword sharpening yesterday somewhere
you've got a course that's like a topic
thats so narrow there's other options
for you including opting out of
promotion and just doing so
ok well as well during the course of our
conversation folks if I forget to come
back to that just put a note the chat
session here to remind me to say about
that again so so you started out as a
programmer is that what you're doing
right now are you still yeah right now i
i work I do my own company so I'm a
contractor or consultant I'm got it
right now with indigo which is the Canon
version of amazon.com like everything
that I work for is the Canada version of
something right so I'm looking for
indigo but hopefully I know a few months
time I won't need to talk for anyone
I'll just do my own thing on you know me
that's my plan